Well,
welcome to this special edition of the
Yahowah blog.
We're obviously here in our outdoor
studio,
and I have a very fidgety additional
member of our cast.
This is Kara, yes, and she is very,
very cute.
So we are going to resume where we
left off in our last program,
this episode.
was therefore a review of the twenty-ninth
chapter of Debatim, Deuteronomy.
It was fascinating since this is the first
introduction of the individual who
operates, according to God,
under the title of Ha-Nakry .
It means the observant foreigner.
And he had a lot to say about
the arrival of this man and his work
on behalf of this mortal remnant of
Yisrael.
But after he finished that narrative,
he would also say,
speaking of the rest of the Jewish
population,
that their purpose has become negated.
No one, he said,
exists among you at this time.
Not a man, not a woman,
no group of people or tribe.
whose reasonings or inclinations are found
directed towards the presence of Yahowah
our God.
That really is a devastating statement,
isn't it?
That means that of all of the children
of Israel during the Exodus,
I started off with six hundred thousand.
That means that since Hebrew verbs are
liberated in time,
so it speaks of
of all time,
that among the children of Yisrael,
there was nobody who was inclined to
listen to Yahowah , to be directed by Yahowah .
And, you know,
I see this every day that I participate
on social media,
whether it be on X or on Facebook.
And we listen to the rabbis babble on
about Yisrael
the Zohar and Kabbalah and in Judaism,
they never mentioned Yahowah .
All they care about is what Kabbalah says
and what the Zohar says and what the
Talmud says and what rabbis say.
There's not any one of them that are
directed towards the presence of Yahowah or
even the reasoning or inclinations of
Yahowah ,
which of course explains why Yahowah had to
restore
his name, his beloved son's reputation,
the purpose of the covenant and the intent
of the Miqrah through an observant
foreigner.
He says to them, they are going after,
approaching,
worshiping and serving the gods of the
Gentile nations.
What he is saying is that rabbis would
not only create
the most popular Gentile religions.
Rabbis are solely responsible for the
religion of Christianity and of Islam,
in addition to Judaism.
And that this is a very serious problem.
I want the little one jumping off the
desk.
It's a long jump down for a dog
of this size.
So if you want to play around there,
little one,
I'm going to have to set you down.
That's okay.
Okay.
There we go.
So that's what they've done.
God has expressly warned them not to
follow in the religious and political ways
of the Gentiles.
And the rabbis have definitely done that,
creating a very religious and politicized
religion and a society,
a community where...
jews are so identified with the religion
of judaism that most people can't tell
them apart you know where does judaism end
and being jewish begin and this is the
very thing that god said don't do so
we would continue negated and without a
purpose there will be among you a root
Bearing that which is infuriating and
noxious, cursed,
poisonous and embittering.
The body words should never have been
called Deuteronomy twenty nine, eighteen.
It's God's going further than saying,
you know, you're useless as people.
You've sidelined yourself.
There isn't a single Jew who is even
worth talking to.
you're poisonous, you're toxic.
But he said that beyond just following in
the ways of the Gentiles and becoming
polygous, if you will,
mixing politics and religion together,
that you're going to have a poisonous and
toxic root, an embittering nature.
And of course, during the entire Exodus,
the
Jews of the Exodus were embittered.
They turned on Moshe to the extent that
Moshe actually told God, you know,
you might as well just kill me because
I can't do this job.
In fact,
no one can do this job alone.
And Moshe was right in that regard.
The job is impossible and particularly
impossible for one person.
And therefore, to accomplish this,
God would need to work through many people
for a prolonged period of time.
Otherwise,
it could not have been achieved to get
his wayward people to return back to him.
Yet, this is indeed where we are.
So as we read through these things,
what we come to know is that after
Solomon, Dowd's son,
there was only a handful of prophets
willing to listen to and speak for Yahowah .
And following Malachi, there were none.
From then to now,
over the span of more than two thousand
five hundred years,
there has not been anyone,
not a single Yahuwd  willing to listen to
engage with, speak for.
Yeah.
And as a result,
there simply weren't any Jews capable of
expounding upon or even
condemning this ostentatious rhetoric of
Sha'uwl Paul when he arose.
And that's quite a shame because if there
had been,
if somebody had spoken out against Paul,
who was trained as a rabbi,
who identified himself as a rabbi,
when he wrote his fourteen letters between
fifty-two CE and sixty-six,
it would have been very easy to have
stamped
Christianity out and to preclude it from
being so disastrous for the Jewish people,
you know, leading to the Holocaust,
subjecting Jews to living in shuttles,
to all the pogroms.
All that was a direct result of Paul's
creation of Christianity and of Paul
blaming Jews for killing his God.
Unchecked,
this evil man became so enamored with the
most beastly expression of the ways of the
Gentiles,
he actually accepted a Roman name, Paulos,
of course, eerily similar to Apollo.
Then in the preeminent account of his new
religion,
he wrote in a book named for the
Romans that everyone should submit to the
Gentile nation and obey its government as
if they were serving God.
And guess what that led to?
The Roman government.
Obliteration of the temple in seventy and
then the destruction of Yahuwd ah and the
diaspora in one thirty three.
Even the renaming of the land, Philistina.
Doing so,
a court put Paul in irresolvable conflict
with Yahowah , his Torah,
his covenant and his people.
Now,
had Yahuwdym not neglected their purpose as
Yahowah's witnesses and prophets,
Paul's New Testament would have been
laughed out of existence.
It is absurdly stupid.
Had Yahuwdym not turned away from Yahowah
and promulgated all manner of myths,
neither Christianity nor Islam would have
taken root or spread.
And if you count socialist secular
humanism, Marxism, if you will,
among mankind's belief systems,
Jews can be found at the root of
each of their most menacing foes.
If this next statement were not so sad,
it would be humorous,
since religious Jews are notorious for
saying, Shalom Aleichem,
peace be unto you.
Yahowah has them muttering what they crave,
but
not have haya shalom peace be upon me
then recognizing that orthodox and
conservative jews under the spell of the
rabbis have become stubbornly adversarial
in their halakha walking in the jewish
laws god is calling the pro this practice
uh sharuth adversarial and uncooperative
recalcitrance if you will
So if you are Jewish,
let this sink in.
Those who claim to speak for God are
only speaking for themselves.
Not a one knows Hashem.
And if you want to know him,
walk away from them.
Distance yourself from the rabbis and from
their ilk.
And it shall come to be when he
hears
the account and record of this binding
agreement and promise.
He will actually commend himself in his
judgment, saying, peace be unto me,
though I walk in the adversarial
stubbornness of my heart.
As a result,
those who are fully immersed are
destroyed,
along with those who are thirsting
wanting more, the body and words,
twenty nine, nineteen.
There literally is no hope for the overtly
religious Jews.
The Haredi will never find the shalom they
desire.
And sadly,
those adorned in black suits and black
hats have cast a very dark shadow over
those who are still thirsting for the
light, for knowledge, for truth.
and it's hard in Israel to get a
word in edgewise.
This is what we've long suspected,
indeed known,
but it is nevertheless exasperating to
read.
Yahowah isn't going to forgive the
religious.
God doesn't want to forgive the religious.
He will not invite anyone into his home
who has excluded him from theirs.
And those who have blotted out every
mention of God's name,
will find themselves blotted out of God's
memory.
Yahowah ,
which is an accurate transliteration of
the name of Eloah, God,
as guided by His Torah instructions
regarding His Hayah existence and our
Shalom reconciliation,
is not willing and will not consent to
forgiveness for Him
But instead, at that time,
Yahowah will be aggravated, displeased,
smoldering in overt hostility.
God hates religion.
And his passion and desire will be against
that individual such that all of the
agreed upon and mutually binding promises
written in this book will come to haunt
him.
Yahowah will blot out his name from under
heaven.
The bottom words, twenty nine, twenty.
If you're religious,
God either does not know you or hate
you.
The determination of which it is,
and that is a huge difference between the
two.
If you are one who is beguiled by
religion,
you're one of those who just goes along
because it's part of your culture,
you were born into it,
your dad or your mom encouraged you to
be part of it, then that's one thing.
Your soul will simply cease to exist.
Your name will be blotted out for sure,
but there's no penalty and no reward.
If you are, however,
among the rabbis and those posting online,
talking about how great the Zohar is,
Kabbalah is, Judaism is, the Talmud is,
well, then you're in serious trouble.
Because your name will be blotted out,
but your soul will not have the luxury
of dying.
It will spend an eternity and she'll die.
Well, in this testimony,
the unforgivable sin has been further
elucidated.
For our edification,
this comes in conjunction with Yahowah
exposing and condemning religious
behavior.
As we have long suspected,
those who have removed Yahowah's name from
his book will have their names removed
from the Book of Lives.
The crime of
Of replacing Yahowah's name with Hashem.
And Adonai.
And G-D.
Comes at a very high price.
Now this being the case.
Let's be so bold as to make a
recommendation.
Come to know and understand.
Appreciate and respect.
Acknowledge and acclaim Yahowah's name.
And never.
Utter.
Jesus Christ.
Hashem.
or the Lord again in conjunction with God,
unless it is to dispel the egregious
nature of those myths and errors.
Should you choose not to embrace this
advice, then I want you to be aware.
And then Yahowah will disassociate from
him.
He will exclude him for his trouble.
for his depravity and for his opposition,
for his deplorable conduct and erroneous
opinions,
his twisted perversions and miserable and
disagreeable ways,
his malignant corruptions.
From every association with the Israel,
which means individuals who engage and
endure with God,
in accordance with all of the agreed upon
and mutually binding promises of the
covenant,
that were indelibly written in the scroll
of the Torah, which means teaching,
guidance, and instructions.
Dabarim words should never have been
called Deuteronomy.
When disassociated from Yahowah ,
it is indeed a bad state of affairs
for all who suffer this fate.
They will have their souls destroyed,
squandering their potential, or worse,
be sentenced to an eternity in Sheowl
.
Such are the wages of opposition to God
for those who advance twisted perversions
of his testimony.
In this particular statement,
Allah is one of many Hebrew words with
a dark and light side.
It is a binding promise, a solemn oath,
and a public pronouncement,
even an exchange of vows.
In this case,
Yahowah is bound to do what He has
written in His Torah,
especially regarding the terms and
conditions of the covenant.
Therefore,
if we accept his stipulations to walk away
from religion and politics,
from the babble of commingling these
things together,
and come to trust and rely upon him,
walking to him through the Miqraey ,
to allow him to perfect us,
closely examining,
carefully considering the terms and
conditions of his covenant,
remembering to circumcise our sons on the
eighth day,
then
he will remember to offer its five
benefits to make us immortal,
to perfect our souls,
to adopt us into his covenant family,
to enrich and empower us as his children.
However,
those who have vowed to negate the terms
of the covenant,
That's a different story.
But if you have committed to uphold those
conditions and you have publicly sworn to
listen to God and respond appropriately,
if you're committed to honor the promises,
then you'll receive the benefits.
But if you reject them, the consequences.
When Yahowah told Israel and us through
them that we would receive every possible
blessing if we followed his guidance,
he
irrevocably stated that misleading others
regarding his directions would not be
advantageous and would indeed be
unpleasant.
And that is where the dark side of
Allah comes into play.
It speaks of negative consequences and of
curses for those who are not only counter
to God,
but who lead others away from him.
through their religions or political
agendas.
After having observed Yahowah's Torah,
covenant,
and instructions within it for the past
twenty-four years,
we've come to understand these concepts as
clearly as they are presented here by
Moshe in the Badim,
in
Words twenty-nine throughout this chapter.
The covenant's mutually binding promises
are indelibly written in the scroll of the
Torah.
If we want to be part of Yahowah's
family,
we find the conditions and the benefits
listed therein.
We can accept them, we can reject them,
or we can ignore them.
But we are not at liberty to change
them.
Nor is it in our purview to alter
the consequence of acceptance,
or the consequence of rejection.
Addressing everyone but speaking directly
to Yisrael,
there are three things we must know if
we want to survive the impending storm,
and it is on our horizon.
The time of Israel's trouble starts in
seven months.
The first of these things is Yahowah's
name.
The second is His Torah.
The third is his breath.
To discount them is to die.
To speak or act in opposition to any
of these three things and thereby lead
others away from life is to endure Sheowl
forever.
And while I'm not your judge,
based upon what we've learned by studying
Yahowah's words,
if you remain deceived by religion or
government, or if you embrace conspiracy,
your soul
will be destroyed.
And if you promote your religion,
if you are active politically,
if you encourage others to believe
conspiratorial notions,
eternal incarceration in a black hole will
be the consequence.
And I know that's hard for lots of
people to believe.
You know,
if you're MAGA in the United States and
you're surrounding yourself with other
MAGAs or online talking with MAGAs,
you all think you're great,
having no idea that you're huddled around
the Antichrist.
You know,
if you live in Israel and you're part
of Likud,
then you're hanging with fellow Likud
members, you're, you know,
denying yourself reality.
And you can't believe that your political
views are somehow harming your soul and
Israel, but they are.
If you're part of the Haredim cult,
if you are somehow caught up in Orthodox
or evangelical Christianity,
for God's sake, if you're a Muslim,
because
everything surrounding you and your
culture and all those that you know are
echoing the same lies,
it just seems impossible that somebody
telling you that if you're religious or if
you are overtly political,
even conspiratorial, you're done.
And the best you can hope for is
the elimination of your soul.
It's demise.
Because if you actually promote these
things,
as we're seeing so many people do so
absurdly today,
then the consequence is Sheowl
.
God's been very clear as to how he
demarcates the difference between the two.
In fact,
specifically as it relates to the
sacrifice of the Bakar, the bull,
come Taruwah .
And
Bob Midbar, Numbers,
he is diligent in telling us that that
sacrifice will purge those who are guilty
by omission, which they've been misled.
But it will have no effect on those
who are guilty by commission because they
have misled others.
So misled versus misleading.
Know that I'm speaking to those who are
way too far gone to benefit at this
point.
But the most recent post by those
advocating Spirit Mom was so disgustingly
misleading and so errant that you hang
with that group,
you will have written your own ticket to
Sheowl
because it is quite evident that you
are not only wrong,
but you're actually creating a new
religion.
Now,
this has been a rather remarkable
introduction to the mindset of the
right-minded,
but misguided Israelites and Goy
throughout the ages.
And it takes us right to our time
and to the influence of HaNakry ,
this observant foreigner.
And he is here for Yahowah's children,
as promised.
It appears that
It's going to take a considerable amount
of effort and an outsider indeed,
according to Yahowah ,
to get Israel's attention at long last,
that and undue suffering.
And perhaps that is why those who stand
with Israel have been invited to
participate in the covenant.
Those who long ago introduced us to Yahowah
now need one of those distant
beneficiaries to point a stiff-necked
Yisrael back in the right direction so
that they can return to Yahowah .
And that is indeed the message of the
twenty-ninth chapter of Dabatim.
And yet,
when presented before an audience that
witnessed these plagues,
Yahowah deployed against Egypt,
to free his people from such religious and
political coercion and economic and
military domination.
Well,
it's likely that the devastating
anti-Semitic consequence of mankind's most
malicious conspiracy,
which is now blame the Jews,
That's the primary theme these days on X
and to a larger, to a smaller degree,
I guess, on Facebook,
but certainly a dominant theme on X.
It's going to serve as a motivating factor
in getting the chosen people's attention.
The world has targeted them and the best
we can hope for is that we get
their attention and that they listen
before it's too late.
So this is what we should expect.
Yahowah's testimony in the Torah,
Nabi Wamizbor,
has been available for thousands of years.
And yet in all of that time,
there wasn't a single receptive Yahuwd.
Through whom Yahowah could communicate to
his people,
not at any point in that time.
Now,
keeping in mind that ha-Nakry  is defined
in the books that we are translating as
someone who is Asher, properly guided,
who is kum,
who stands up as others bow down,
and who is nakar, observant,
closely examining and carefully
considering Yahowah's words,
exploring what God has revealed in the
books that he has inspired us
So he's become a lot more than just
a fellow holding a lamp along the way.
He is now shouting,
pay attention to what Yahowah has to say.
Now, Israel, unfortunately,
has returned to captivity.
They've gone from Mitzrayim into Babylon,
Babel.
As Yahuwdym are harassed and oppressed by
nations, much of which is their own doing,
the other is of religious persuasion.
But they created the three most popular
doctrines, rabbis did,
that are haunting them.
And yet, to an increasing degree,
Jews are finding God's demonstrable
opposition to the political,
religious doctrine.
And conspiratorial influences, well,
comforting,
even reassuring because they've been so
hostile to them.
For the first time in a long time,
they're beginning to listen to God,
beginning to warm up to his influence.
There are more and more people listening
in Israel and many,
many Jews now listening worldwide to God,
many who have become covenant.
Now, ironically,
it's those who want to round up,
to denigrate and to imprison his people,
to exterminate them,
who will scream so loud that they will
awaken the children of Israel such that
they hear Yahowah say to them,
come out of Babylon, my people.
It is only when Yahuwdym, Jews,
are confronted with no other alternative
but to flee or be tortured and die,
that they will begin to listen to Yah.
So HaNakry , this observant foreigner,
is therefore a voice.
He is one calling out in the wilderness
of human corruption,
prepare yourselves for the arrival of
Yahowah .
And now, of course,
also of his son, our Messiah and King,
Dowd.
So then the last generation,
ha-dor ha-akaron,
those descendants dwelling at the end
during the latter days,
they will make a profession and a promise.
They will choose to declare
At that time,
expressing their desire in words,
answering with the intent to be informed,
your children led along the correct path
to receive the benefits of this
relationship, Asher.
We'll rise up, finally, and take a stand.
During a distant time from yours,
because ha-Nakry ,
the observant foreigner,
this discerning individual who pays close
attention,
carefully examining and thoughtfully
considering so as to recognize and
acknowledge this,
a man of unrelated ethnicity who still
will notice and come to perceive,
who will know, regard,
and respect what he discovers,
becoming acquainted with the individuals
and information that matters.
He will come, though.
He will arrive.
He will indeed pursue this.
And he will arrive from a faraway place
in a distant time.
So then they will see and perceive that
which is plaguing this land,
the evil disease,
and overcome the impairment which is so
grievous.
which now necessitates intercession to
resolve the sickness precluding the
benefits associated with the relationship
that Yahowah intends.
What a stunning adjunct
To embody words should never have been
called Deuteronomy twenty nine.
This is twenty nine.
Twenty two.
As clearly as words allow.
And it's just stunning that, you know,
Jews will misappropriate.
a passage on a tisot and think that
they're supposed to have a tassel that
dangles from their side and will wear it
religiously when it's supposed to be a
tiny blue flower inside of a garment not
to be seen by anyone but them.
They'll put a box on their head and
another one on their arm.
They will count their steps during the
Shabbat.
They will do all manner of things thinking
that
You know, they're being Torah observant,
and here the Torah in the twenty-ninth
chapter of Debarim is telling them that
there will be HaNakry .
And this HaNakry  is for the last
generation,
and yet they await an unknown Messiah.
Why?
Why aren't they listening?
You know,
There's no Messiah in the Torah.
Oh,
it speaks of the man who would be
anointed as the Messiah's Dowd,
but there's no Messiah in the Torah.
But there is a Nakry , a HaNakry .
So why are those who claim to be
Torah observance so much in denial over
this?
Do you hear any Jews saying,
saying, you know, you read the Torah,
and it says clearly, and in fact,
the entire chapter of Deuteronomy,
Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy,
Deuteronomy,
They speak of rabbis,
and rabbis aren't mentioned in the Torah.
They speak of phylacteries,
these boxes they put on their head.
They're not mentioned in the Torah.
They speak of Kabbalah.
It's not mentioned in the Torah.
They speak of Judaism.
But Hanukkah is.
Why don't they pay any attention?
And it's specifically time to the last
generation, which is right now.
We are just seven and a half years
removed from year six thousand.
Yeah.
Twenty thirty three.
So then the last generation will make a
profound profession.
Your children led along the correct path
to receive the benefits of the
relationship will rise up and will take a
stand.
That is what's needed.
They will do so during a time distant
from yours because HaNakry ,
the observant foreigner, he will come.
He will arrive from a faraway place in
a distant time.
they will be standing around the Temple
Mount.
They will do so on a day that
is unknown in Judaism or in Jewish
culture, Taruwah ,
because they've changed it to Rosh
Hashanah,
ahead of the Babylonian New Year.
And so, one less mosquito in the world,
excuse me for my marksmanship,
but I don't like them.
This HaNakry ,
will offer his life, his Bashar body,
for them.
He is the man from Edom.
He is the final Zeruah.
He is Dowd's Bashar herald.
He is the long-awaited Choter .
And he will come from a faraway place
in a distant time.
for the last generation of Israelites who
will finally take a stand and be accounted
for.
It's an amazing prophecy.
It's an explicit prophecy.
And so then they will see what has
been plaguing them and plaguing this land,
the evil disease and overall impairment,
which is the sickness of religion.
It's that which grieves necessitating this
intercession,
which is why HaNakry  will offer his life
for the benefit of this final remnant on
Taruwah  in year six thousand Yom,
the twenty fourth of September,
twenty thirty three.
So egregious what Judaism has done to
Jews.
But it's going to have a resolution.
Well, when we consider this,
we now know why Solomon spoke to his
people about the arrival of a Nacri during
the last days.
We now know why he didn't have to
identify who the Nacri was because he had
already been identified in the Torah.
This explains much of what Dowd's son had
to say about this observant foreigner at
the dedication of the house for Yahowah's
name.
There really are very few distinctions
more vital to one's mission than having
been prophetically introduced by Yahowah ,
inspiring Moshe to include the prophecy in
the Torah,
especially in conjunction with the intent
to heal the rift that has estranged
Yisrael from Yahowah .
having devoted now,
twenty-four years of my life to this
mission,
since Yahowah asked me to serve His people
on Taruwah  in two thousand and one,
and will culminate that mission in
twenty-thirty-three on Taruwah ,
bringing them home.
It's of course gratifying to read this
endorsement.
It's also encouraging because, well,
it would not have been written
if i failed father and son if i
had given up somewhere along the way if
i had been sidetracked then there would
have been no mention of this knackery
would there the very fact that it's found
in prophecy means that it will happen and
that the remnant of israel will be spared
it's all going to happen as Yahowah had
proclaimed
which means that I and those who are
working with me, Rich,
controlling this and producing this
program, and the likes of Kevin,
who was so instrumental with me and our
success of the vlog on the blog yesterday.
my beloved wife who is so devoted to
all we are learning and to this final
reconciliation of her people, of Yisrael,
and coordinating the marketing of our
mission, my good friend, Joe.
who is known to so many of you
as Yoel,
who has now presented our books back so
that they are revised and in the new
menorah format for Amazon,
and who has been so instrumental in
restoring the yadaya.com website so that
all of these books and all of this
information is available to you.
no matter where you might live,
and that you might learn the message of
HaNakry , all of which is free,
all of which is completely available and
presented for your benefit.
There are so many now who are committed
to this mission,
and Israel owes every one of you this
tremendous vote of appreciation for all
you have done
to bring this very proud moment to our
God,
because he has already declared that
working collaboratively,
Yisrael will yada Yahowah once again.
And we know that Yahowah can be trusted.
He will deliver on every promise.
He has repeatedly vowed to reconcile his
relationship with Yahudah and Yisrael.
And it is a commitment that he will
uphold and he will do it his way,
working through people of his choosing.
This marvelous moment will occur and it
will happen consistent with his Torah
instructions.
Yes,
the Ark of the Covenant will be
repositioned under the
restoration of the tent of the restoring
witness as all Yisrael gathers around so
that Dowd can anoint the mercy seat of
the Ark of the Covenant as he returns
on Yom Kippur.
And the earth will be purged of all
religiosity and politics and conspiracy
and anti-Semitism and then terraformed
back to the conditions found in Eden so
that we
can enjoy a thousand years of camping out
with father and son.
It will all happen just as he has
said, and there will be no exceptions.
Even among his people,
led to the correct path,
In the end,
they will finally rise up and take a
stand against all of those who have
opposed them and misled them.
And they will cheer Yahowah as he expunges
all of those who are hostile to them
from the earth,
including rabbinical Judaism that has been
the worst and most embittering foe of
God's people.
Of course,
eliminating Islam and Christianity,
Marxism, conspiracy, antisemitism,
militantism, all in one blow.
This is the outcome that the NACRI,
in collaboration with the Iowa,
is going to deliver.
Yahowah wants his people to consider what
this observant foreigner has learned by
translating his Torah,
his prophets and Nabi in a manner never
previously attempted in an amplified
translation with the Hebrew terms in their
most generic form highlighted within a
parenthetical so that you can look up
every word and verify them for yourselves
and with a man who has been gifted
with the seven spirits of Yahowah so he
has unique
discernment,
the ability to make the connections to
understand and deliver thousands of
previously unheralded insights that you
might understand who Yahowah is and what he
is offering,
as well as what he expects in return.
And because Yahowah chooses to work through
people without the contributions of the
Nakry  being specifically noted by Yahowah ,
such that his endorsement becomes known of
this observant foreigner while he is
calling out to his people and drawing them
home, then this mission would not succeed.
But because he has acknowledged it,
you can be assured it will.
The only question is, will you be among
The recipients.
I mean,
Yahowah's consistent instructions have been
to disregard the goyim,
but it's not disregarding the goyim,
it's the ways of the goyim.
It's to disregard being religious and
political and integrating those things in
a babble fashion, commingling to confuse.
And of course,
it has been these religious and political
schemes of the Goyim,
particularly Christianity and Judaism,
as well as Marxism and Islam,
that have treated Jews so horribly.
And so I'm sure that there is a
reluctance,
but you've been reluctant to listen to
Yahowahfor three thousand years.
Consider this
Perhaps the slap in the face that you
need.
You know,
Yahowah could make this lone exception for
this foreigner and those serving with him
during this period because he
He is not only vehemently opposed to the
very things that Yahowah disdains among
Goyim.
Yes, I am anti-religious.
I am anti-political.
And so I am opposed to the things
that Yahowah opposes among the Goyim,
which makes me more Israelite than any
Israelite and less Goyim than any Goyim.
But he's also committed to everything that
God has sought for his people.
making him Yahuwd , beloved of Yah.
Well,
I had preferred initially to have written
Nakry ,
observant foreigner in the lower case when
it is preceded by Ha,
the definite article,
it becomes a title and it needs to
be capitalized and written Ha Nakry ,
the observant foreigner.
And yet realizing that it refers to me
by default,
recognizing there's no one else to whom it
has ever applied.
And there is no time left for it
to apply to another.
And that it is a single individual.
I'm becoming gradually more comfortable
with the title.
It's because I want to...
succeed i don't want to live with the
consequence of having failed to measure up
to what god is expecting so here we
are every word that i have confessed to
you has been based upon Yahowah's testimony
and the insights and conclusions which can
be drawn from what his prophets have
revealed this title haNakry
The observant foreigner, of course,
is based, as I have shared,
on the verb nakar.
The verb means to recognize and to
acknowledge,
to know and to regard that which is
discovered through exploration,
observing and listening as well.
As such, based upon the nakar,
Ha-Nakry , this observant foreigner,
he's not presenting his own message for
his own benefit,
but is instead sharing what he has
observed by exploring God's words.
He will, therefore,
ask nothing for himself.
He will not care how the world responds
to what he has learned.
He will know that whatever he
they reject and whether they reject his
message or not whether they disdain his
insights or find merit in them they will
be dismissing or acknowledging Yahowah not
him he will not have a following he
only has one mission statement and that is
to do this job that Yahowah has allocated
and authorized
But you'll notice he does not have a
donate button and he charges nothing
online for his books.
He will not claim to be a prophet,
although Yahowah has indicated that he has
been a prophet in the past.
Nonetheless,
it would be wise to read and to
listen to what he has discovered by
studying the presentation of Yahowah's
prophets in An Introduction to God.
throughout the nine volumes of Yada Yahowah ,
throughout the five volumes of
Observations, of course,
through the three and soon to be four
volumes of Coming Home.
It's also helpful to know who God is
not by reading the five volumes of
Twistianity,
the five volumes of God Damn Religion,
and the three volumes of Babel.
But enough said about the NACRI.
I think we need to focus on the
Torah's message.
And in this particular statement,
the phrase was issued,
It's one of the most intriguing we have
considered in
It can be translated as saddened when
revealing what Yahowah is rightfully
enduring and that he's grieved by
mankind's propensity to be religious.
But since chala also means wounded and
sickened, even tormented,
the verb reveals that Yahowah himself would
be severely pained by this religious
disease from this plague.
From that perspective,
this is among the most horrendous yet
wonderful realizations ever conveyed to
humankind.
It suggests that father and son would
suffer from this plague,
doing so on Pesach and Matzah to free
us from the grip of the deadliest
institution man has ever conceived,
religion.
And this realization takes us back to the
beginning.
Right back to the moment we examined anna,
which means to reply and respond,
particularly in conjunction with each of
the Mow'ed Miqraey ,
but also Yom Kipurym in particular,
the day of reconciliations.
Those who anna, answer Yahowah's Miqraey ,
invitations to be called out and meet,
will not be anna afflicted.
because Dowd ransomed us from the plague
of religion by fulfilling chag matzah,
volunteering to have his soul, chalah,
tormented in our stead during Passover and
unyeasted bread,
delivering the benefits of bukkurim,
firstborn children.
So in these words from the Torah,
we're witnessing the greatest of all gifts
and the ultimate demonstration of love.
There are, of course,
innumerable possibilities with what
follows.
The devastation could be the result of a
nuclear holocaust between nations,
mankind's malfeasance,
a super volcano eruption, a natural event,
or a devastating asteroid impact,
as has been found and foretold in the
book of Revelation,
should it perchance be correct.
Apophis is coming very close to Earth in
twenty twenty nine.
But since they are expressly listed and
the causation is comparable,
it is certainly likely that a divine act
of cleansing akin to what occurred in
Sodom and Gomorrah will occur.
The timing also suggests that the
devastation might be akin to the plagues
that preceded Exodus.
So we are also left to wonder if
it will occur within one nation,
an entire region,
or the earth as a whole.
While Eretz is often used to describe the
promised land, in this case,
the context seems to imply that it is
the nation from which the Nakry  emerges
that are going to feel the brunt of
the trauma.
If that is the case,
the reason could be the
reminiscent of the Egyptian recalcitrance
towards freeing their Jewish captives.
The nation that currently benefits the
most from Jewish inventiveness and
industry is the United States,
which not so coincidentally is where most
non-Israeli Jews live.
And so I will end with this statement
and we'll pick it up again in our
next program from the Ocean Studio.
It reads, Brimstone,
with its purifying blue light and salt,
will change the composition but not
consume this entire country.
Nothing will be sown and nothing will
sprout up.
And along with all of this vegetation will
no longer rise similar to the destruction
of Sodom scorched and Amorah,
the manipulative and tyrannical of Adamah,
the reddish ground and Saborim,
the swelling of the adulterous,
which Yahowah has destroyed.
in his resentment and in his hostility the
body and words twenty nine twenty three
that'll be an interesting place for us to
return because there's so many insights
here worthy of our consideration but this
is a rendezvous with our future it's going
to be an exceedingly rough ride between
now
And the time that our Messiah, Dowd,
returns on Kaporim in twenty thirty three.
And Yahowah restores the earth to the
conditions of Eden.
And we have a lot to accomplish and
a lot to learn and a great deal
to share.
So I thank you for listening to this
edition of The Voice from our Ocean
Studio.
Good night.